Bug fix to allow SharedGalleryImangeId and CommunityGalleryImageId parameters to New-AzVMConfig (#24413)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Compute/Compute/ChangeLog.md

## Upcoming Release
* Added `Etag` property to PSVirtualMachine and PSVirtualMachineScaleSet objects.   
* Added parameters `-IfMatch` and `-IfNoneMatch` to `Update-AzVM`, `Update-AzVmss`, `New-AzVm`, `New-AzVmss`, `New-AzVmConfig`, and `New-AzVmssConfig` cmdlets.

> * Resolves bug with `New-AzVMConfig` for `-CommunityGalleryImageId` and `-SharedGalleryImageId` parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Resolved the bug with `New-AzVMConfig` for `-CommunityGalleryImageId` and `-SharedGalleryImageId` parameters.
```

* Added a new parameter `-SharingProfile` to `New-AzCapacityReservationGroup` and `Update-AzCapacityReservationGroup`.
* Added the new parameter `SourceImageVMId` to the `New-AzGalleryImageVersion` cmdlet. Also added some error messages for this new parameter and the existing parameter `SourceImageId`. 

> * Updated parameter `-TargetRegion` in `New-AzGalleryImageVersion` and `Update-AzGalleryImageVersion` to accept `ExcludeFromLatest` field. 

Reviewer 2: Give this PR a better title.

Author: Updated
